README.md, before:

# TicTacToe

> We have created a command line TicTacToe Project using Ruby.

Additional description about the project and its features.

## Built With

- Ruby,
- Vs.code,
- Git and Github

## Getting Started

- clone this repository `https://github.com/rajkumardas2701/Tic-Tac-Toe`
- cd to the folder `Tic-Tac-Toe`
- To run the application use this command `ruby bin/main.rb`


### Rules of the game

1. The game can only be played by 2 players (Player X and Player O).

2. Player X begins the game.

3. Each player can only take one position at a time.

4. Each player can only pick a position between 1 - 9.

5. Each player can only pick a position that has not been picked previously.

6. A player wins if three cells in the board match either horizontally, vertically or diagonally.

7. The game comes to a draw if all cells in the board have been exhausted and there still is no winner.




## Authors

👤 **Evanson Igiri**

- Github: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/evansinho)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/iamsinho1304)
- Linkedin: [linkedin](https://linkedin.com/in/evanson-igiri)

👤 **Rajkumar Das**

- Github: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/rajkumardas2701)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Rajkuma58621299)
- Linkedin: [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rajkumar-das-41308961/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/rajkumardas2701/Tic-Tac-Toe/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Odin Project
- Ferguson Iyara

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.

Commit message:

updated project description of the readme file

README.md, after:

# TicTacToe

> We have created a command line TicTacToe Project using Ruby.

TicTacToe is a two player game which is programmed using Ruby Object Oriented concept. How to play the game is under "Rules of the game" section. 

## Built With

- Ruby,
- Vs.code,
- Git and Github

## Getting Started

- clone this repository `https://github.com/rajkumardas2701/Tic-Tac-Toe`
- cd to the folder `Tic-Tac-Toe`
- To run the application use this command `ruby bin/main.rb`


### Rules of the game

1. The game can only be played by 2 players (Player X and Player O).

2. Player X begins the game.

3. Each player can only take one position at a time.

4. Each player can only pick a position between 1 - 9.

5. Each player can only pick a position that has not been picked previously.

6. A player wins if three cells in the board match either horizontally, vertically or diagonally.

7. The game comes to a draw if all cells in the board have been exhausted and there still is no winner.




## Authors

👤 **Evanson Igiri**

- Github: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/evansinho)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/iamsinho1304)
- Linkedin: [linkedin](https://linkedin.com/in/evanson-igiri)

👤 **Rajkumar Das**

- Github: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/rajkumardas2701)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Rajkuma58621299)
- Linkedin: [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rajkumar-das-41308961/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/rajkumardas2701/Tic-Tac-Toe/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Odin Project
- Ferguson Iyara

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.
